Hi, my name's Melissa and I work for Virgin Media.
Today, I'm going to give you some hints and tips on how to get the best out of your mobile phone.
First thing we're going to do, is a hard reboot.
It helps you with most of your network issues, things like calls dropping,
or text messages not being received.
So firstly, whilst your phone is switched on, you just want to remove the back cover.
Then what you want to do is remove the battery. If you're struggling with it
turn it upside down in your hand and pop it out.
Now, when the phone is switched off, we're just going to replace the battery.
Now we're going to put the back cover back on.
Then switch it back on using the on and off key,
and that's a hard reboot!
The second thing I'm going to show you is how to swap your sim card.
Again, just take off the back cover
and now you're just going to slide the sim card out  that's already in
and replace it with another sim card from the same network.
Just remove the battery for a few seconds just to reset the phone,
and then put the back cover back on.
Again switch it back on using the on and off key. If the sim card swap doesn't fix your issue, then it might tell you
the problem is with the mobile phone.  Lastly, what we're going to do is
a software update.
Now all handsets are different
but i'm using a Samsung today so if
you've got a Samsung too you just need
to go on to the Samsung website and download Samsung Kies.
Now, I've already downloaded it so I'm just going to load it up,
and there are a number of different ways
you can connect your phone now I always
find that the easiest way is using the
usb cable that came with your handset.
All you need to do is plug it in
and the other into your mobile,
making sure its fully switched on and charged up.
Samsung Kies will now tell you what software you're actually running on your
mobile phone,
and what the latest update is.
So you just click on 'update'
and then start 'update'.
In a few seconds you're phone will have the latest update. The importance of having the latest
software on your phone is to make sure that your phone is running at the best performance.
I hope these hints and tips have helped you, and don't forget,
you can use them more then once.
Thanks for watching.